It was another moonless night, pitch black, there weren't any lights on the alleys and streets. I was 9 today and no one even remembered, perhaps thats how it is for adults? I have seen them in parties oh so fancy. But they all seem as if deceiving each other, as if they are doing it for the sake of courtesy. They would rip each other apart the minute the other one showed its weaknesses. I was afraid of even looking at them from the window sill. I had never been caught like this even if I had been I was confident that I can escape from their grasp.
I liked to peek at their gatherings it has become a norm for me. Every month on a Saturday they would host these banquets. 
But that's not what is important is it? 
A few days ago I met an old man. He looked like he was in his seventies: His wrinkled face, grey hairs and his eyes, deep black. I gazed in them but I felt as if the abyss was gazing back at me. He wore a trench coat and a hat. He looked at me deeply as if assessing my worth and I posed confidently. 
He told me - "Look here, Kid no matter how powerful you become. You will never be able to beat a hidden gun". I was confused then and thought maybe he was senile? you know how old men become senile. I thought for a while and replied - "A hidden gun? then that means I am powerful enough for assassinations ?". The old man laughed crookedly. It scared me but I still tried to put a confident front.
After he stopped laughing. He said - "Why don't you follow me kid?" I didn’t reply to him. Following him would mean leaving my people behind. I cannot do that, never. I said - "I am afraid I won’t be able to follow you sir". The old man was not angry as if he had anticipated it. He said, whilst handing me a card - "Come to me whenever you change your mind". I scoffed at the thought at that time. Do I regret it? No I don’t.
I wandered around for a while more. The old man still occupying all my thoughts. Why? How? These questions had no answers. The truth? I was far from it. I walked for hours not knowing where I was going anymore. I looked up at the sky. 
It reminded me of a poem of 'Barbara Juster Esbensen': 
"Who spilled these stars across the sky like sparkling dust like clouds of light? They pour their milky shine into the deep black bowl".
I now understood the meaning behind. I looked at my surroundings. Trying to make heads of where I was. I was astounded at the fact where I wandered of. I was in another city, miles away from "home". Yes, I called that place home. Aiden might be waiting for me. Aiden is the person we call - "Our Strategist". He is smart, and clever. Well, like many smart people I have seen. He too wears spectacles. 
Although he is smart. But I fear his heart has changed. I think he might plan a coup soon. Why you ask? Because when we humans taste the power of authority. It makes us greedy for more and more. We will never be appeased with any amount. We will always want more. Then why would he wait for me? Well he fears if I am planning something behind his back. He is smart but not omniscient. After all he is still a human. He is 11 this year, older than me. I understand his vexation. A younger boy being the leader was unacceptable for someone as talented as him.
He hated me and I hated him too.
But enough about Aiden.
I had to walk back to home before the dawn broke. Whilst walking I came across beautiful lilies. They reminded of a girl I used to play with. Moving on from the past I treaded further. I never dreaded the darkness. It was a friend I trusted more than humans. A bit further down the road I saw silhouettes of people. At this time? I started walking faster so as to not grab their attention. It would be bad if I did. You cannot trust them. They live by killing and looting, truly a lawless bunch. 
Lady luck was not on my side today. As one of these men noticed my short stature. He yelled out loud "OI". I tried my best to act as if I didn’t hear them. But it looked like they didn’t wish so. One of them jumped in front of me. Halting my steps. I quelled at the sight of that man. But it was of no essence. He grabbed me by my collar and lifted me up. Grinning at me, his yellow teeth. He yelled again - "Where are your parents, White boy". I flinched, racking my brains for an answer. I said "I do not know, I am an orphan". The man looked in disgust. He threw me on the ground.
A sigh of relief escaped from my mouth. An episode it was but worth mentioning. An unknown future awaits them after all. I do not hold grudges. But I remember every one of them. You would’ve never thought would you? The boy that you threw on the ground with disgust. Would come back five years after? I looked at the corpse in front of me. The yellow teeth painted red.
Yes all the while I was narrating the story to a corpse. 
Back to the night, I was able to reach "home". I sneaked in through the broken wall behind. Into the "window". We call it a window but it is just the broken wall. We all slept on floors because the beds were too expensive. 
As I thought Aiden was still up. He looked at me with care and worry. But I knew it wasn’t, his eyes they lie. To have these eyes lie means he has lied to himself. For he believes that he cares. He said worryingly "Where have you been?". "Nowhere" I replied. And in his eyes I saw for a moment, the anger. Making me firm on my stance. I was not angry but understanding. The true nature of humans was twisted after all.
"Let's go, sleep, It's already dawn", Aiden said. Despite my rude reply he didn’t seem annoyed. As my suspicion grew. Anyone would be after seeing his spectacle. But my dumb peers did not. Oh how innocent they are. I replied "Yes". I wanted to question why he was awake. Although knowing he might say he just woke up at the sound of something. 
Do you know why a pack of hyenas can take out even a Lion? Even though they are weaker than him. But they do not have pride. They hunt with shamelessness. It is not because the lion is alone. No, it's because these hyenas can do anything. And I think of myself as a hyena. Being a lion is easy you need overwhelming power. To be a hyena you must leave your pride. That for a human is difficult. 
I have had a habit of thinking about the day before I slept. Today was very eventful I must say. I still remember that old man. Oh, the card! I had forgotten to check it. Rummaging around in my pockets. I found the plain off-white card. On the card was no name. Just an address. I turned the card around. And there was a note - "Looks like you have had the time to look at it." Just that? I questioned. But I knew it was it, it was eccentric. I have never seen such a card. To my bewilderment I had no answer. 
The address was of a place an hour away from here. I have been there before. The address seemed of the huge building I saw. Was that old man rich? It certainly didn’t look like it. Now I wished to visit the place. To know answers to my questions. I slapped myself. Reminding that this is what the old man must have wanted. To rile up my curiosity to know. How foolish of me. But I must admit it was a good trick.
I looked at the card one more time. Putting it back in my pocket. Wait, If I put this card in my pocket. I am sure it will get lost. So I got up and hid it under my secret place. I lay down once again thinking of the day. It was very fun, I must say.
